What do you want?
Since you are so sure
Why don't we make a bet?
Ok how to read
Read you in three minutes
Can you let the back of Dongshan skyrocket a hundred times?
As a prominent
If you say you're going to automatically quit the family hidden danger
And to put you in the group
All shares in the name
All transferred to you for free
Of course, yeah.
at the same time
What's the matter with your criminal behavior?
Fight with me
This time I'm going to let you squat in prison to death
So you lost?
And so did I when I lost.
And I also give up the grievances of the company's CFO
Ok, no problem.
I thought I could use the opportunity to set me up
But how do you know that you are throwing yourself into the net?
And you losers
You will soon know what insight is
Hahaha enough
Fan'er, please stop fooling around, okay?
This thing
According to the voting method of the family council
So far.
Well, that won't do.
I finally waited for an opportunity
Kick this alien out of your wings?
And the last minute.